dist/app.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/app.js:41:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/app.js:52:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/app.js:63:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/app.js:74:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/app.js:85:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/app.js:99:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/controllers/syncContact.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncContact.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncContact.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncContact.js:38:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/controllers/syncController.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/controllers/syncController.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/routes/syncRoutes.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/AssociationSpec.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotClient.js:10:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:22:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:23:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:40:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:41:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:73:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:76:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:77:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/hubspot/hubspotService.js:78:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:18:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:20:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:22:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:25:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/characterService.js:45:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/locationService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/locationService.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/locationService.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/locationService.js:29:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/services/client/rickandmorty/locationService.js:42:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
dist/services/internal/associateContactCompanyService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/associateContactCompanyService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/characterToContactService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/characterToContactService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/characterToContactService.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/characterToContactService.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/hubspotAssociationService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/hubspotAssociationService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/locationToCompanyService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/locationToCompanyService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllCompaniesService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllCompaniesService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllCompaniesService.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllCompaniesService.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllCompaniesService.js:46:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
dist/services/internal/syncAllContactsService.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllContactsService.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllContactsService.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllContactsService.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
dist/services/internal/syncAllContactsService.js:46:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:72:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/CallbacksApi.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:101:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:133:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:78:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:162:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:193:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:228:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:255:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/FunctionsApi.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/RevisionsApi.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/auth/auth.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/BatchInputCallbackCompletionBatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/BatchInputCallbackCompletionBatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CallbackCompletionBatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CallbackCompletionBatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CallbackCompletionRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CallbackCompletionRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionDefinitionForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionDefinitionForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionFunctionIdentifierNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionFunctionIdentifierNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionRevisionForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/CollectionResponsePublicActionRevisionForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/FieldTypeDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/FieldTypeDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/FieldTypeDefinition.js:238:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/FieldTypeDefinition.js:251:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/FieldTypeDefinition.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/InputFieldDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/InputFieldDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/InputFieldDefinition.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:80:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:91:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:121:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:129:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:131:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:140:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:312:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:350:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/Option.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/Option.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/OutputFieldDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/OutputFieldDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionEgg.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionEgg.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionInputFieldDependenciesInner.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionInputFieldDependenciesInner.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionInputFieldDependenciesInner.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionPatch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionDefinitionPatch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunction.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunction.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunction.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunctionIdentifier.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunctionIdentifier.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionFunctionIdentifier.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionLabels.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionLabels.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionRevision.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicActionRevision.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicConditionalSingleFieldDependency.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicConditionalSingleFieldDependency.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicConditionalSingleFieldDependency.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicExecutionTranslationRule.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicExecutionTranslationRule.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicObjectRequestOptions.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicObjectRequestOptions.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicSingleFieldDependency.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicSingleFieldDependency.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/PublicSingleFieldDependency.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:357:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:402:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:405:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:412:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:447:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:585:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:592:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:624:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:627:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:630:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:637:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:662:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:671:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:678:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:681:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:684:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:691:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:716:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:723:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:726:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:729:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:736:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/ObservableAPI.js:761:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:238:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:241:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:253:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:256:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:256:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:421:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:433:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:436:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:436:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:445:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:455:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:458:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:458:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:470:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:473:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:485:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:488:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:488:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:500:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:503:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:503:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/types/PromiseAPI.js:512:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/automation/actions/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:70:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/AuditLogsApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/CollectionResponsePublicAuditLog.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/CollectionResponsePublicAuditLog.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:42:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:46:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:57:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:76:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:248:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/ObjectSerializer.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PublicAuditLog.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PublicAuditLog.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PublicAuditLog.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/PublicAuditLog.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/audit_logs/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:235:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:290:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:321:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:349:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:415:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:443:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:443:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/BlogAuthorsApi.js:712:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputBlogAuthor.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputBlogAuthor.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputString.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchInputString.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthor.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthor.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthor.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthorWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthorWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BatchResponseBlogAuthorWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BlogAuthor.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BlogAuthor.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BlogAuthor.js:874:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BlogAuthorCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/BlogAuthorCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalBlogAuthorForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalBlogAuthorForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:62:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:96:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/ObjectSerializer.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/ObservableAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/types/PromiseAPI.js:431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/authors/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:123:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:146:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:201:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:228:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:283:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:306:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:333:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:333:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:360:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:388:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:423:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:423:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:455:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:455:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:463:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BasicApi.js:732:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:130:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BatchApi.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:420:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:650:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:682:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:710:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/BlogPostsApi.js:1156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:124:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/MultiLanguageApi.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Angle.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Angle.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:798:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BackgroundImage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BackgroundImage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputBlogPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputBlogPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputString.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchInputString.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPost.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPostWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPostWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BatchResponseBlogPostWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:1140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:1159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:1170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPost.js:1204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPostLanguageCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BlogPostLanguageCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BreakpointStyles.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/BreakpointStyles.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalBlogPostForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalBlogPostForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionBlogPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionBlogPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ColorStop.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ColorStop.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentLanguageVariation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentLanguageVariation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentScheduleRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ContentScheduleRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Gradient.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Gradient.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/LayoutSection.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/LayoutSection.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:98:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:146:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:154:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:165:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:337:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:375:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/RGBAColor.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/RGBAColor.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/RowMetaData.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/RowMetaData.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/SideOrCorner.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/SideOrCorner.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Styles.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/Styles.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/VersionBlogPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/VersionBlogPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/VersionUser.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/VersionUser.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:651:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:654:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:657:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:664:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:705:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:708:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:711:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:743:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:750:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:753:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:756:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:763:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:788:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:795:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:798:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:801:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:808:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:833:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:840:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:843:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:846:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:853:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:878:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:887:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:894:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:897:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:900:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:907:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:932:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:939:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:942:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:945:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:952:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:977:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:984:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:987:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:990:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:997:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1022:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1029:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1032:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1035:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1042:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1067:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1074:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1077:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1080:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1087:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/ObservableAPI.js:1112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:449:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:461:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:504:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:504:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:519:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:546:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:598:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:601:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:601:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:613:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:616:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:616:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:628:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:631:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:631:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:643:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:646:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:646:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:658:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:661:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:661:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:676:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:676:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:688:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:691:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:691:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:703:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:706:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:721:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:721:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:733:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:736:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:736:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/types/PromiseAPI.js:745:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/blog_posts/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:235:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:290:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:321:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:349:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:415:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:443:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:443:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/BlogTagsApi.js:712:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputString.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputString.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputTag.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchInputTag.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTag.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTag.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTag.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTagWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTagWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/BatchResponseTagWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalTagForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalTagForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:62:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:96:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/ObjectSerializer.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/Tag.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/Tag.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/Tag.js:814:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/TagCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/TagCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/ObservableAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/types/PromiseAPI.js:431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/blogs/tags/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:87:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/DomainsApi.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalDomainForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalDomainForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/Domain.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/Domain.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:41:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:51:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:70:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/ObjectSerializer.js:280:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/domains/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:42:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:104:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:134:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:181:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:208:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:251:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:255:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:291:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:327:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:327:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:335:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsApi.js:499:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:108:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:172:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:236:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:244:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/RowsBatchApi.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:72:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:126:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:207:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:262:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:262:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:326:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:326:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:344:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:374:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:400:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:400:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:426:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:452:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:493:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/TablesApi.js:755:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowBatchCloneRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowBatchCloneRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowV3BatchUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowV3BatchUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowV3Request.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputHubDbTableRowV3Request.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputString.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchInputString.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3WithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3WithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BatchResponseHubDbTableRowV3WithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BoundedNextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BoundedNextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BoundedPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/BoundedPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableV3ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableV3ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Column.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Column.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Column.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ColumnRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ColumnRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ColumnRequest.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ForeignId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ForeignId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableCloneRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableCloneRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowBatchCloneRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowBatchCloneRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3BatchUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3BatchUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3Request.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableRowV3Request.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableV3.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableV3.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableV3Request.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/HubDbTableV3Request.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ImportResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ImportResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:92:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:101:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:137:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:145:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:328:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:334:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/ObjectSerializer.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Option.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Option.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/RandomAccessCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/RandomAccessCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/RandomAccessCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/SimpleUser.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/SimpleUser.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/StreamingCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/StreamingCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/StreamingCollectionResponseWithTotalHubDbTableRowV3.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/UnifiedCollectionResponseWithTotalBaseHubDbTableRowV3.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/UnifiedCollectionResponseWithTotalBaseHubDbTableRowV3.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/UnifiedCollectionResponseWithTotalBaseHubDbTableRowV3.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:570:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:573:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:618:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:621:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:628:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:660:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:663:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:666:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:705:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:708:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:711:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:743:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:752:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:759:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:762:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:765:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:772:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:797:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:804:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:807:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:810:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:817:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:842:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:849:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:852:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:855:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:862:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:887:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:894:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:897:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:900:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:907:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:932:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:939:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:942:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:945:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:952:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:977:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:984:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:987:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:990:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:997:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1022:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1029:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1032:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1035:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1042:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1067:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1074:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1077:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1080:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1087:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1125:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1202:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1215:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1247:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1292:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1305:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1350:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1357:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/ObservableAPI.js:1382:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:498:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:523:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:541:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:541:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:553:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:556:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:568:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:571:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:571:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:586:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:586:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:598:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:601:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:601:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:613:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:616:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:616:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:628:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:631:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:631:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:643:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:646:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:646:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:658:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:661:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:661:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:676:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:676:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:688:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:691:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:691:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:703:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:706:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:721:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:721:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:733:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:736:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:736:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:748:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:751:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:751:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:763:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:766:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:766:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:778:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:781:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:781:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:793:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:796:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:796:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:808:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:811:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:811:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:823:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:826:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:838:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:841:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:841:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:853:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:856:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:856:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:868:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:871:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:871:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:883:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:886:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:886:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:898:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:901:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:901:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:913:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:916:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:916:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/types/PromiseAPI.js:925:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/hubdb/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:120:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:148:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:148:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:176:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:176:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:232:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:232:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:288:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:344:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:372:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:400:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:400:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:429:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:452:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:481:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:508:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:540:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:591:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:595:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:595:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:646:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:650:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:650:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:677:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:677:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:709:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:709:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:732:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:732:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:763:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:763:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:794:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:822:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:822:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:845:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:845:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:872:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:872:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:899:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:899:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:926:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:954:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:954:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:982:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:982:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1017:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1017:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1048:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1048:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1080:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1080:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1115:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1146:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/LandingPagesApi.js:1901:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:150:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:206:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:262:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:262:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:290:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:319:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:342:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:424:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:424:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:456:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:479:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:479:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:510:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:510:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:538:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:561:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:588:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:615:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:643:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:643:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:671:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:671:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:706:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:737:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:737:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:769:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:769:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:797:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:797:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:805:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/SitePagesApi.js:1298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestCreateRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestCreateRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestEndRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestEndRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestRerunRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AbTestRerunRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Angle.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Angle.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/AttachToLangPrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BackgroundImage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BackgroundImage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputContentFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputContentFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputJsonNode.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputString.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchInputString.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolder.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolderWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolderWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponseContentFolderWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePage.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePageWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePageWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/BatchResponsePageWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalContentFolderForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalContentFolderForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPageForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPageForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionContentFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionContentFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ColorStop.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ColorStop.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentLanguageCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentLanguageCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentLanguageVariation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentLanguageVariation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentScheduleRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ContentScheduleRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/DetachFromLangGroupRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Gradient.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Gradient.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/LayoutSection.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/LayoutSection.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:116:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:126:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:174:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:184:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:193:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:365:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:371:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/ObjectSerializer.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:1114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:1130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:1141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Page.js:1175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/RGBAColor.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/RGBAColor.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/RowMetaData.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/RowMetaData.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/SetNewLanguagePrimaryRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/SideOrCorner.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/SideOrCorner.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Styles.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/Styles.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/UpdateLanguagesRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionContentFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionContentFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionUser.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/VersionUser.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:244:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:651:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:654:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:657:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:664:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:696:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:699:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:702:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:709:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:734:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:741:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:744:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:747:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:754:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:779:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:786:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:789:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:792:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:799:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:824:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:831:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:834:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:837:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:844:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:869:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:876:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:879:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:882:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:889:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:914:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:921:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:924:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:927:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:934:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:966:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:969:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:972:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:979:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1004:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1011:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1014:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1017:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1024:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1049:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1056:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1059:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1062:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1069:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1094:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1326:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1364:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1371:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1409:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1416:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1461:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1467:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1499:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1506:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1512:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1544:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1551:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1557:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1589:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1596:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1602:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1634:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1641:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1647:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1654:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1679:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1686:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1692:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1699:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1724:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1731:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1734:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1737:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1744:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1769:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1778:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1785:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1788:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1791:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1798:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1823:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1830:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1833:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1836:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1843:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1868:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1875:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1878:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1881:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1888:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1913:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1920:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1923:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1933:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1958:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1965:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1968:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1971:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:1978:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2003:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2010:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2013:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2016:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2023:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2048:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2055:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2058:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2061:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2068:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2093:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2148:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2190:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2238:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2273:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2280:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2325:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2363:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2370:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2408:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2453:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2460:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2463:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2466:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2498:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2505:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2543:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2550:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2553:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2595:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2598:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2601:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2633:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2640:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2643:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2646:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2678:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2685:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2688:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2691:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2723:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2730:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2733:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2736:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2743:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2768:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2775:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2778:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2781:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2788:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2813:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2820:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2823:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2833:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2858:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2865:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2868:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2871:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2878:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2903:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2910:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2913:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2916:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2923:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2948:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2955:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2958:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2961:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2968:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/ObservableAPI.js:2993:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:449:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:467:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:467:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:479:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:482:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:494:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:497:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:497:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:512:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:512:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:524:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:527:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:539:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:542:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:542:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:557:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:557:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:569:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:572:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:587:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:587:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:602:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:602:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:614:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:617:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:629:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:632:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:632:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:647:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:647:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:659:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:662:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:662:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:674:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:677:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:677:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:692:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:692:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:704:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:707:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:707:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:719:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:722:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:722:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:734:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:737:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:737:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:749:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:752:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:752:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:764:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:767:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:767:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:779:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:782:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:782:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:797:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:797:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:809:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:812:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:812:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:824:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:827:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:827:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:839:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:842:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:842:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:854:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:857:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:857:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:869:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:872:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:872:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:884:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:887:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:887:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:899:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:902:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:902:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:914:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:917:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:917:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:929:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:932:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:932:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:944:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:947:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:947:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:962:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:962:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:974:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:977:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:977:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:989:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:992:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:992:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1004:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1007:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1007:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1019:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1022:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1022:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1034:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1037:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1037:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1049:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1052:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1052:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1064:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1067:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1067:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1079:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1082:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1082:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1094:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1097:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1097:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1109:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1112:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1142:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1172:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1194:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1209:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1224:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1239:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1251:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1254:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1266:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1269:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1284:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1296:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1299:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1311:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1314:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1326:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1329:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1341:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1344:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1356:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1359:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1371:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1374:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1389:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1404:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1416:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1419:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1434:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1446:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1449:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1449:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1461:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1464:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1476:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1479:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1479:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1491:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1494:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1494:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1506:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1509:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1521:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1524:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1524:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1536:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1539:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1539:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1551:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1554:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1566:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1569:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1569:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1581:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1584:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1596:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1599:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1611:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1614:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1614:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1626:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1629:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1629:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1641:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1644:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1656:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1659:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1659:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1671:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1674:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1674:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1686:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1689:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1701:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1704:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1704:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1716:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1719:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1719:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1731:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1734:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1734:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1746:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1749:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1749:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1761:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1764:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1764:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1776:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1779:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1779:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1791:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1794:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1806:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1809:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1809:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1821:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1824:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1824:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1836:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1839:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1839:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1851:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1854:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1854:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1866:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1869:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1869:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1881:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1884:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1884:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1896:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1899:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1899:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1911:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1914:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1914:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1929:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1929:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1941:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1944:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1944:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1956:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1959:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1971:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1974:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1974:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1986:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1989:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1989:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/types/PromiseAPI.js:1998:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/pages/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/PublicPerformanceApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:176:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:36:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:40:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/PerformanceView.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/PublicPerformanceResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/PublicPerformanceResponse.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/PublicPerformanceResponse.js:82:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/servers.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/servers.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/servers.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/ObservableAPI.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/PromiseAPI.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/PromiseAPI.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/PromiseAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/types/PromiseAPI.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/performance/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:123:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/PublicApi.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ContentSearchResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ContentSearchResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ContentSearchResult.js:874:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ContentSearchResult.js:882:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/IndexedData.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/IndexedData.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/IndexedData.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/IndexedField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/IndexedField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:40:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:63:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:74:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:246:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/ObjectSerializer.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/PublicSearchResults.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/PublicSearchResults.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/site_search/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:66:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:93:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:115:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:142:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ContentApi.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ExtractApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/MetadataApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/MetadataApi.js:42:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/MetadataApi.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/MetadataApi.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/MetadataApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:35:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/ValidationApi.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ActionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ActionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ActionResponse.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/AssetFileMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/AssetFileMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/FileExtractRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/FileExtractRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:40:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:43:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:63:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:72:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:244:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:244:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:250:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/ObjectSerializer.js:282:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/TaskLocator.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/TaskLocator.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:356:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:363:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/ObservableAPI.js:401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:248:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:263:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/source_code/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:86:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:170:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/RedirectsApi.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalUrlMappingForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalUrlMappingForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:43:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:54:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:73:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:245:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:251:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/UrlMapping.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/UrlMapping.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/UrlMappingCreateRequestBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/UrlMappingCreateRequestBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/cms/url_redirects/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/DefinitionApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/DefinitionApi.js:31:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/DefinitionApi.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/DefinitionApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/DefinitionApi.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:91:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/StatusApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:42:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:59:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:69:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:78:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:250:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:250:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:256:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/ObjectSerializer.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatus.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatus.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatus.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatus.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatus.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatusesResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicSubscriptionStatusesResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicUpdateSubscriptionStatusRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicUpdateSubscriptionStatusRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/PublicUpdateSubscriptionStatusRequest.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/SubscriptionDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/SubscriptionDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/SubscriptionDefinitionsResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/SubscriptionDefinitionsResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/types/PromiseAPI.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/communication_preferences/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/GenerateApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/GenerateApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/GenerateApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/GenerateApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/GenerateApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/IdentificationTokenGenerationRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/IdentificationTokenGenerationRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/IdentificationTokenResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/IdentificationTokenResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:37:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/ObjectSerializer.js:274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/conversations/visitor_identification/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:120:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/BatchApi.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchInputPublicAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchInputPublicAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchInputPublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchInputPublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociation.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMulti.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMulti.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMulti.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:60:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:66:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:86:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:96:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:105:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:277:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/ObjectSerializer.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicAssociationMulti.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicAssociationMulti.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/TypesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/TypesApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/TypesApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/TypesApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/TypesApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/CollectionResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/CollectionResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:37:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/schema/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/types/PromiseAPI.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:91:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:126:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:163:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BasicApi.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:120:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:192:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:200:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/BatchApi.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/ReportApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/ReportApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/ReportApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/ReportApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/ReportApi.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationMultiArchive.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationMultiArchive.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationMultiPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationMultiPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicDefaultAssociationMultiPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicDefaultAssociationMultiPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicFetchAssociationsBatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchInputPublicFetchAssociationsBatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPair.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPair.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPair.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPairWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPairWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponseLabelsBetweenObjectPairWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabel.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabel.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabel.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabelWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabelWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationMultiWithLabelWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicDefaultAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicDefaultAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/BatchResponsePublicDefaultAssociation.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/CollectionResponseMultiAssociatedObjectWithLabelForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/CollectionResponseMultiAssociatedObjectWithLabelForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/DateTime.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/DateTime.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/LabelsBetweenObjectPair.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/LabelsBetweenObjectPair.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/MultiAssociatedObjectWithLabel.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/MultiAssociatedObjectWithLabel.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:97:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:131:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:141:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:150:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:322:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ObjectSerializer.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiArchive.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiArchive.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiWithLabel.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicAssociationMultiWithLabel.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicDefaultAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicDefaultAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicDefaultAssociationMultiPost.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicDefaultAssociationMultiPost.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicFetchAssociationsBatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicFetchAssociationsBatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ReportCreationResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/ReportCreationResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:120:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:139:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:166:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionConfigurationsApi.js:274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:75:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:106:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:142:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/DefinitionsApi.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/AssociationSpecWithLabel.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchInputPublicAssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResultWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResultWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResultWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfigurationWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfigurationWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/BatchResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfigurationWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/CollectionResponseAssociationSpecWithLabelNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/CollectionResponseAssociationSpecWithLabelNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/CollectionResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfigurationNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/CollectionResponsePublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfigurationNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:68:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:103:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:111:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:122:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/ObjectSerializer.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationCreateRequest.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateRequest.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionConfigurationUpdateResult.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationDefinitionUserConfiguration.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/PublicAssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/types/PromiseAPI.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/schema/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:447:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/types/PromiseAPI.js:325:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/associations/v4/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/commerce/invoices/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BasicApi.js:337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/MergeApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:102:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:110:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:151:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:159:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:170:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ObjectSerializer.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicMergeInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicMergeInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/types/PromiseAPI.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/companies/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:247:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:247:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BasicApi.js:382:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/GDPRApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/MergeApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:104:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:112:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:154:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:164:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:173:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:278:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ObjectSerializer.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicGdprDeleteInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicGdprDeleteInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicMergeInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicMergeInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:585:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:592:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/ObservableAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:378:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/types/PromiseAPI.js:415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/contacts/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BasicApi.js:337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/MergeApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:102:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:110:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:151:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:159:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:170:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicMergeInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicMergeInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/types/PromiseAPI.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/deals/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/PublicExportsApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ActionResponseWithSingleResultURI.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ActionResponseWithSingleResultURI.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ActionResponseWithSingleResultURI.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/Filter.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:78:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:97:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:202:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:269:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:307:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicCrmSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicCrmSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportListRequest.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportRequest.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportRequest.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportRequest.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/PublicExportViewRequest.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/TaskLocator.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/TaskLocator.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/exports/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/ChannelConnectionSettingsApi.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:95:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/RecordingSettingsApi.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/SettingsApi.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/auth/auth.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ChannelConnectionSettingsResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/MarkRecordingAsReadyRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/MarkRecordingAsReadyRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:69:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:266:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/ObjectSerializer.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/RecordingSettingsResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/SettingsResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:402:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:405:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:412:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:447:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/types/PromiseAPI.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/calling/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/CardsApi.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/SampleResponseApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/SampleResponseApi.js:26:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/SampleResponseApi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/SampleResponseApi.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/SampleResponseApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionConfirmationBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionConfirmationBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionHookActionBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionHookActionBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionHookActionBody.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ActionHookActionBody.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardActions.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardActions.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardAuditResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardAuditResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardAuditResponse.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardAuditResponse.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardDisplayBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardDisplayBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardDisplayProperty.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardDisplayProperty.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardDisplayProperty.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBody.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBodyPatch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBodyPatch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardFetchBodyPatch.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardObjectTypeBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardObjectTypeBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardObjectTypeBody.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/CardPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/DisplayOption.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/DisplayOption.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/DisplayOption.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IFrameActionBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IFrameActionBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IFrameActionBody.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorCardPayloadResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorCardPayloadResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorCardPayloadResponse.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorObjectResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorObjectResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorObjectResultActionsInner.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorObjectResultActionsInner.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/IntegratorObjectResultActionsInner.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:74:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:90:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:117:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:127:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:136:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:308:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:308:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectSerializer.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectToken.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectToken.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/ObjectToken.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardFetchBody.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardFetchBody.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardListResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardListResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/PublicCardResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/TopLevelActions.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/TopLevelActions.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/types/PromiseAPI.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/cards/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:58:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/SettingsApi.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ExternalSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ExternalSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:35:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:42:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:61:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:233:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:233:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/ObjectSerializer.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/types/PromiseAPI.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:54:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:135:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:143:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/CoreApi.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/PublicImportsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/PublicImportsApi.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/PublicImportsApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/PublicImportsApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/PublicImportsApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ActionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ActionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ActionResponse.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/CollectionResponsePublicImportErrorForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/CollectionResponsePublicImportErrorForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/CollectionResponsePublicImportResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/CollectionResponsePublicImportResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ImportRowCore.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ImportRowCore.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ImportTemplate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ImportTemplate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ImportTemplate.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:60:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:70:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:90:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:109:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:281:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/ObjectSerializer.js:319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PropertyValue.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PropertyValue.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PropertyValue.js:217:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PropertyValue.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportError.js:153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportError.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportResponse.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicImportResponse.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicObjectListRecord.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/PublicObjectListRecord.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/types/PromiseAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/imports/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/line_items/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:89:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:117:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:166:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/FoldersApi.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:175:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:198:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:233:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:233:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:262:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:262:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/ListsApi.js:433:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:34:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MappingApi.js:109:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:103:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:130:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:162:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:194:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:226:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/MembershipsApi.js:402:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ApiCollectionResponseJoinTimeAndRecordId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ApiCollectionResponseJoinTimeAndRecordId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ApiCollectionResponseRecordListMembershipNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ApiCollectionResponseRecordListMembershipNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/JoinTimeAndRecordId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/JoinTimeAndRecordId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListCreateResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListCreateResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFetchResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFetchResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFilterUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFilterUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderCreateResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderCreateResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderFetchResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListFolderFetchResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListMoveRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListMoveRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListSearchResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListSearchResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListUpdateResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListUpdateResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListsByIdResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ListsByIdResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/MembershipChangeRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/MembershipChangeRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/MembershipsUpdateResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/MembershipsUpdateResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:316:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:424:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:432:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:434:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:443:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:548:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:615:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:621:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/ObjectSerializer.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAbsoluteRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsSearchFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsSearchFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsSearchFilter.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsTimeFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsTimeFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAdsTimeFilter.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllHistoryRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllHistoryRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllHistoryRefineBy.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllPropertyTypesOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllPropertyTypesOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAllPropertyTypesOperation.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAndFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAndFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAndFilterBranch.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationFilterBranch.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationInListFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationInListFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicAssociationInListFilter.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicBatchMigrationMapping.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicBatchMigrationMapping.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicBoolPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicBoolPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicBoolPropertyOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCalendarDatePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCalendarDatePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCalendarDatePropertyOperation.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCalendarDatePropertyOperation.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCampaignInfluencedFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCampaignInfluencedFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCampaignInfluencedFilter.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCommunicationSubscriptionFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCommunicationSubscriptionFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCommunicationSubscriptionFilter.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativeDatePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativeDatePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativeDatePropertyOperation.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativePropertyUpdatedOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativePropertyUpdatedOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicComparativePropertyUpdatedOperation.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicConstantFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicConstantFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicConstantFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCtaAnalyticsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCtaAnalyticsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicCtaAnalyticsFilter.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePoint.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePoint.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePoint.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDatePropertyOperation.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDateTimePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDateTimePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicDateTimePropertyOperation.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailEventFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailEventFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailEventFilter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailEventFilter.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailSubscriptionFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailSubscriptionFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEmailSubscriptionFilter.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEnumerationPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEnumerationPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEnumerationPropertyOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEventAnalyticsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEventAnalyticsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEventAnalyticsFilter.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEventFilterMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicEventFilterMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalQuarterReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalQuarterReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalQuarterReference.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalYearReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalYearReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFiscalYearReference.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilter.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilter.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilterCoalescingRefineBy.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilterCoalescingRefineBy.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionFilterCoalescingRefineBy.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionOnPageFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionOnPageFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionOnPageFilter.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicFormSubmissionOnPageFilter.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicInListFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicInListFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicInListFilter.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicInListFilterMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicInListFilterMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexOffset.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexOffset.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePoint.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePoint.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePoint.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePointIndexReference.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePointIndexReference.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIndexedTimePointIndexReference.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIntegrationEventFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIntegrationEventFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicIntegrationEventFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicListFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicListFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMigrationMapping.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMigrationMapping.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMonthReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMonthReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMonthReference.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMultiStringPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMultiStringPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicMultiStringPropertyOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAllFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAllFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAllFilterBranch.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAnyFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAnyFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNotAnyFilterBranch.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNowReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNowReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNowReference.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumAssociationsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumAssociationsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumAssociationsFilter.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumOccurrencesRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumOccurrencesRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumOccurrencesRefineBy.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumberPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumberPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicNumberPropertyOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicObjectList.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicObjectList.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicObjectListSearchResult.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicObjectListSearchResult.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicOrFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicOrFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicOrFilterBranch.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPageViewAnalyticsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPageViewAnalyticsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPageViewAnalyticsFilter.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPrivacyAnalyticsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPrivacyAnalyticsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPrivacyAnalyticsFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranch.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFilterBranchesInner.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFilterBranchesInner.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFilterBranchesInner.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFiltersInner.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFiltersInner.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationFilterBranchFiltersInner.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationInListFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationInListFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyAssociationInListFilter.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyReferencedTime.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyReferencedTime.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicPropertyReferencedTime.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicQuarterReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicQuarterReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicQuarterReference.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedDatePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedDatePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedDatePropertyOperation.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedNumberPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedNumberPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedNumberPropertyOperation.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedTimeOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedTimeOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRangedTimeOperation.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeComparativeTimestampRefineBy.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRelativeRangedTimestampRefineBy.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRestrictedFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRestrictedFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRestrictedFilterBranch.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingDateRangePropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingDateRangePropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingDateRangePropertyOperation.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingPropertyUpdatedOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingPropertyUpdatedOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicRollingPropertyUpdatedOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSetOccurrencesRefineBy.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSetOccurrencesRefineBy.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSetOccurrencesRefineBy.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicStringPropertyOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicStringPropertyOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicStringPropertyOperation.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilterValueComparison.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilterValueComparison.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicSurveyMonkeyValueFilterValueComparison.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimeOffset.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimeOffset.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperation.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperationTimePoint.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperationTimePoint.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTimePointOperationTimePoint.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTodayReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTodayReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicTodayReference.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilter.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilterBranch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilterBranch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilterBranch.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicUnifiedEventsFilterBranch.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWebinarFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWebinarFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWebinarFilter.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWeekReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWeekReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWeekReference.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicWeekReference.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicYearReference.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicYearReference.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/PublicYearReference.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/RecordListMembership.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/RecordListMembership.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:570:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:573:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:618:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:621:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:628:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:660:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:663:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:666:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:707:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:714:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:717:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:720:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:727:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:752:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:759:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:762:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:765:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:772:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:797:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:806:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:813:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:816:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:819:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:851:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:858:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:861:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:864:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:871:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:896:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:903:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:906:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:909:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:916:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:941:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:948:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:951:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:954:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:961:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:986:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:993:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:996:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:999:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1006:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1031:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1038:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1041:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1044:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1051:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1076:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1083:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1086:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1089:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1096:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/ObservableAPI.js:1166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:468:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:478:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:481:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:496:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:496:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:523:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:535:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:545:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:548:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:548:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:560:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:563:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:575:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:578:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:578:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:590:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:593:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:593:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:605:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:608:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:620:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:623:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:623:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:635:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:638:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:638:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:650:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:653:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:665:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:668:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:668:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:680:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:683:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:683:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:695:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:698:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:710:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:713:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:713:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:725:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:728:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:728:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:740:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:743:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:743:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:755:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:758:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:758:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:770:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:773:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:773:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/types/PromiseAPI.js:782:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/lists/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:172:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:211:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BasicApi.js:311:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:111:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:143:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:143:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:175:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/BatchApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/SearchApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/SearchApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/SearchApi.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/SearchApi.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/calls/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/communications/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/BatchApi.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchInputPublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchInputPublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplits.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplits.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplits.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplitsWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplitsWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/BatchResponseDealToDealSplitsWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/DealToDealSplits.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/DealToDealSplits.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:54:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:58:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:75:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:83:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:85:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:94:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:266:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:266:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ObjectSerializer.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitsBatchCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitsBatchCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitsCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicDealSplitsCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/deal_splits/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/emails/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:59:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:105:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:105:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BatchApi.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BatchApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BatchApi.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:70:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:75:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:110:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:119:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:291:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ObjectSerializer.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/ObservableAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/types/PromiseAPI.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/goals/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/leads/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/meetings/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/notes/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/postal_mail/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/tasks/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/taxes/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/objects/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:72:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/OwnersApi.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/CollectionResponsePublicOwnerForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/CollectionResponsePublicOwnerForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:42:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:56:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:66:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:75:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:247:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:247:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:253:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/ObjectSerializer.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/PublicOwner.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/PublicOwner.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/PublicOwner.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/PublicTeam.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/PublicTeam.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/owners/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineAuditsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineAuditsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineAuditsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineAuditsApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineAuditsApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStageAuditsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStageAuditsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStageAuditsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStageAuditsApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStageAuditsApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:106:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:177:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:217:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:217:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:225:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelineStagesApi.js:335:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:45:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:211:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/PipelinesApi.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePipelineNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePipelineNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePipelineStageNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePipelineStageNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePublicAuditInfoNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/CollectionResponsePublicAuditInfoNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:52:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:71:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:81:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:90:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:195:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:262:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:262:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/ObjectSerializer.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/Pipeline.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/Pipeline.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelinePatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelinePatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStage.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStageInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStageInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStagePatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PipelineStagePatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PublicAuditInfo.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/PublicAuditInfo.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:225:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:232:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:357:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:408:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:414:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:446:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:453:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:459:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:466:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:491:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:498:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:504:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:536:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:543:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:546:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:549:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:556:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:581:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:591:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:594:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:601:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:626:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:633:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:636:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:639:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:646:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/ObservableAPI.js:671:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:91:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:106:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:148:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:151:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:166:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:181:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:196:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:238:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:241:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:253:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:256:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:256:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:265:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:278:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:278:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:293:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:305:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:308:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:308:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:320:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:323:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:323:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:335:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:338:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:350:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:353:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:353:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:368:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:368:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:383:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:395:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:398:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:398:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:410:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:428:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:443:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:443:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/pipelines/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/products/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:108:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/BatchApi.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:133:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/CoreApi.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/GroupsApi.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchInputPropertyCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchInputPropertyCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchInputPropertyName.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchInputPropertyName.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchReadInputPropertyName.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchReadInputPropertyName.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponseProperty.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponseProperty.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponseProperty.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponsePropertyWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponsePropertyWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/BatchResponsePropertyWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/CollectionResponsePropertyGroupNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/CollectionResponsePropertyGroupNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/CollectionResponsePropertyNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/CollectionResponsePropertyNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:68:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:76:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:110:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:119:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:291:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/ObjectSerializer.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/Option.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/Option.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/OptionInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/OptionInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/Property.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/Property.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyCreate.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyCreate.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroupCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroupCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroupUpdate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyGroupUpdate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyModificationMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyModificationMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyName.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyName.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyUpdate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyUpdate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyUpdate.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/PropertyUpdate.js:97:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:402:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:405:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:412:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:447:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:585:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:592:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/ObservableAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/types/PromiseAPI.js:415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/properties/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BasicApi.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:148:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ObjectSerializer.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/types/PromiseAPI.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/quotes/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:65:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:93:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:125:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:125:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:147:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:170:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:202:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:202:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/CoreApi.js:337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/AssociationDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/AssociationDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/AssociationDefinitionEgg.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/AssociationDefinitionEgg.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/CollectionResponseObjectSchemaNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/CollectionResponseObjectSchemaNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSchema.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSchema.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSchemaEgg.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSchemaEgg.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:58:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:65:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:84:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:92:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:103:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectSerializer.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinitionLabels.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinitionLabels.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinitionPatch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypeDefinitionPatch.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/ObjectTypePropertyCreate.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/Option.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/Option.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/OptionInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/OptionInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/Property.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/Property.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/Property.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/PropertyModificationMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/PropertyModificationMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/types/PromiseAPI.js:221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/schemas/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BasicApi.js:337:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/BatchApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/MergeApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/SearchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/SearchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/SearchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/SearchApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/AssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/AssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/AssociationSpec.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/AssociationSpec.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/AssociationSpec.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchInputSimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchReadInputSimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObject.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/BatchResponseSimplePublicUpsertObjectWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseAssociatedId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseSimplePublicObjectWithAssociationsForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalSimplePublicObjectForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/Filter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/Filter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/Filter.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/FilterGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/FilterGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:102:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:110:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:151:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:159:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:170:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ObjectSerializer.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicAssociationsForObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicMergeInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicMergeInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/PublicObjectSearchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectBatchInputUpsert.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectInputForCreate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicObjectWithAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/SimplePublicUpsertObject.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/ValueWithTimestamp.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/types/PromiseAPI.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/tickets/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:95:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/EventsApi.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TemplatesApi.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:119:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/TokensApi.js:183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/auth/auth.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchInputTimelineEvent.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchInputTimelineEvent.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponse.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponseWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponseWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/BatchResponseTimelineEventResponseWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/CollectionResponseTimelineEventTemplateNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/CollectionResponseTimelineEventTemplateNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/EventDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/EventDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:62:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:96:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/ObjectSerializer.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEvent.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEvent.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventIFrame.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventIFrame.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateToken.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateToken.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateToken.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateTokenOption.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateTokenOption.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateTokenUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateTokenUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/TimelineEventTemplateUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:540:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:547:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:585:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:592:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/ObservableAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:318:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:406:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/types/PromiseAPI.js:415:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/crm/timeline/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/EventsApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/CollectionResponseExternalUnifiedEvent.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/CollectionResponseExternalUnifiedEvent.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ExternalUnifiedEvent.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ExternalUnifiedEvent.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:57:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:76:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:248:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/VisibleExternalEventTypeNames.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/VisibleExternalEventTypeNames.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BasicApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BasicApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BasicApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BasicApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BatchApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/CustomEventDataApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/BatchedBehavioralEventHttpCompletionRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/BatchedBehavioralEventHttpCompletionRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/BehavioralEventHttpCompletionRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/BehavioralEventHttpCompletionRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:37:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:64:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/ObjectSerializer.js:274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/types/PromiseAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/send/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/events/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:86:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:225:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:225:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:250:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:254:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:283:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:315:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:343:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:343:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:361:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:394:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:426:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:440:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:482:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:490:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FilesApi.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:58:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:81:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:109:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:109:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:220:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:220:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:281:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/FoldersApi.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/CollectionResponseFile.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/CollectionResponseFile.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/CollectionResponseFolder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/CollectionResponseFolder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileActionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileActionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileActionResponse.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileStat.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileStat.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileUpdateInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileUpdateInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FileUpdateInput.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/Folder.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/Folder.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderActionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderActionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderActionResponse.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateInputWithId.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateInputWithId.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateTaskLocator.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/FolderUpdateTaskLocator.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlInput.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlInput.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlInput.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlInput.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlInput.js:97:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlTaskLocator.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ImportFromUrlTaskLocator.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ModelFile.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ModelFile.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ModelFile.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:70:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:104:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:112:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:114:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:123:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:295:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:295:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/ObjectSerializer.js:333:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/SignedUrl.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/SignedUrl.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:570:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:573:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:618:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:621:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:628:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:660:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:663:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:666:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:705:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:708:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:711:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:743:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:750:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:753:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:756:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:763:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:788:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:795:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:798:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:801:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:808:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:833:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:840:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:843:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:846:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:853:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:878:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:885:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:888:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:891:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:898:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/ObservableAPI.js:923:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:341:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:414:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:459:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:504:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:504:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:519:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:546:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:591:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:594:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:594:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:609:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/types/PromiseAPI.js:618:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/files/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:186:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:209:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:285:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:312:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:344:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:367:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:390:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:417:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:417:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:444:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:467:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:467:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:502:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:534:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:542:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/MarketingEmailsApi.js:846:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:80:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/StatisticsApi.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/AbTestCreateRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/AbTestCreateRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/AggregateEmailStatistics.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/AggregateEmailStatistics.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalEmailStatisticIntervalNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalEmailStatisticIntervalNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPublicEmailForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPublicEmailForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionPublicEmail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalVersionPublicEmail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ContentCloneRequestVNext.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailCreateRequest.js:928:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailCreateRequest.js:962:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailCreateRequest.js:1040:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailStatisticInterval.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailStatisticInterval.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailStatisticsData.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailStatisticsData.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailUpdateRequest.js:922:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailUpdateRequest.js:956:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/EmailUpdateRequest.js:1034:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/Interval.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/Interval.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:92:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:143:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:153:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:162:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:334:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:334:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:340:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/ObjectSerializer.js:372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/Paging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/Paging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PreviousPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PreviousPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicButtonStyleSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicButtonStyleSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicDividerStyleSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicDividerStyleSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmail.js:1024:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmail.js:1058:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmail.js:1092:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailContent.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailContent.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailFromDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailFromDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailRecipients.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailRecipients.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailStyleSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailStyleSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailSubscriptionDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailSubscriptionDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailTestingDetails.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailToDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicEmailToDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicFontStyle.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicFontStyle.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicRssEmailDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicRssEmailDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicWebversionDetails.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/PublicWebversionDetails.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/VersionPublicEmail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/VersionPublicEmail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/VersionUser.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/VersionUser.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:484:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:516:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:519:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:554:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:606:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:619:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:644:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:651:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:654:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:657:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:664:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:696:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:699:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:702:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:709:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:734:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:741:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:744:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:747:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:754:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:779:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:788:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:795:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:798:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:801:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:808:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:833:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:840:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:843:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:846:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:853:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/ObservableAPI.js:878:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:227:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:314:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:344:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:407:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:449:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:467:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:467:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:479:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:482:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:494:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:497:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:497:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:512:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:512:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:521:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:546:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:549:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:564:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/types/PromiseAPI.js:588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/emails/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:87:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:126:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:162:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AddEventAttendeesApi.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/AttendanceSubscriberStateChangesApi.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:64:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:117:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:207:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:239:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:271:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BasicApi.js:442:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:124:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/BatchApi.js:205:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ChangePropertyApi.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:37:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:60:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/IdentifiersApi.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:70:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:101:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:128:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ListAssociationsApi.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:176:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/ParticipantStateApi.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:168:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:176:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/RetrieveParticipantStateApi.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SettingsApi.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/SubscriberStateChangesApi.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/auth/auth.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/AppInfo.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/AppInfo.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/AttendanceCounters.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/AttendanceCounters.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventCreateRequestParams.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventCreateRequestParams.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventEmailSubscriber.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventEmailSubscriber.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventExternalUniqueIdentifier.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventExternalUniqueIdentifier.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventPublicObjectIdDeleteRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventPublicObjectIdDeleteRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestFullV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestFullV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventSubscriber.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchInputMarketingEventSubscriber.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponse.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2WithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2WithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseMarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2WithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberEmailResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberEmailResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberEmailResponse.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberVidResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberVidResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/BatchResponseSubscriberVidResponse.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseMarketingEventExternalUniqueIdentifierNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseMarketingEventPublicReadResponseV2ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseMarketingEventPublicReadResponseV2ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseSearchPublicResponseWrapperNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseSearchPublicResponseWrapperNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalMarketingEventIdentifiersResponseNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalMarketingEventIdentifiersResponseNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalParticipationBreakdownForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalParticipationBreakdownForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPublicListNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CollectionResponseWithTotalPublicListNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ContactAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ContactAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CrmPropertyWrapper.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/CrmPropertyWrapper.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/EventDetailSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/EventDetailSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/EventDetailSettingsUrl.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/EventDetailSettingsUrl.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventAssociation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventAssociation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventCompleteRequestParams.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventCompleteRequestParams.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventCreateRequestParams.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventCreateRequestParams.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventDefaultResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventDefaultResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventEmailSubscriber.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventEmailSubscriber.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventExternalUniqueIdentifier.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventExternalUniqueIdentifier.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventIdentifiersResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventIdentifiersResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicDefaultResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicDefaultResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicDefaultResponseV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicObjectIdDeleteRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicObjectIdDeleteRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicReadResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicReadResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicReadResponseV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicReadResponseV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestFullV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestFullV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestV2.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventPublicUpdateRequestV2.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventSubscriber.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventSubscriber.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventUpdateRequestParams.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/MarketingEventUpdateRequestParams.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:130:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:140:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:195:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:203:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:205:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:214:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:386:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ObjectSerializer.js:424:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationAssociations.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationAssociations.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationBreakdown.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationBreakdown.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationProperties.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationProperties.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/ParticipationProperties.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PropertyValue.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PropertyValue.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PropertyValue.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PropertyValue.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PublicList.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/PublicList.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SearchPublicResponseWrapper.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SearchPublicResponseWrapper.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SubscriberEmailResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SubscriberEmailResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SubscriberVidResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/SubscriberVidResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:244:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:282:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:570:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:573:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:576:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:608:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:617:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:624:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:627:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:630:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:637:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:662:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:669:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:672:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:675:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:682:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:707:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:714:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:717:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:720:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:727:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:752:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:759:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:762:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:765:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:772:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:797:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:806:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:813:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:816:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:819:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:851:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:858:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:861:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:864:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:871:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:896:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:905:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:912:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:915:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:918:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:925:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:950:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:957:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:960:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:963:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:970:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:995:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1004:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1011:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1014:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1017:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1024:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1049:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1056:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1059:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1062:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1069:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1094:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1184:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1274:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1296:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1335:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1341:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1463:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1470:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1476:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1517:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1524:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1530:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1562:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1569:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1572:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1575:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1607:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1616:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1623:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1626:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1629:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1636:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1661:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1668:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1671:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1674:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1681:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/ObservableAPI.js:1706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:408:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:421:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:433:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:436:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:436:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:451:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:463:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:466:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:466:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:478:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:481:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:493:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:496:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:496:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:508:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:523:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:535:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:545:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:548:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:548:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:560:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:563:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:563:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:575:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:578:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:578:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:590:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:593:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:593:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:602:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:612:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:615:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:627:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:630:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:630:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:642:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:645:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:645:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:657:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:660:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:660:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:669:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:679:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:682:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:682:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:694:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:697:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:697:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:709:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:712:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:712:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:724:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:727:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:727:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:739:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:742:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:742:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:754:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:757:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:757:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:769:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:772:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:772:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:784:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:787:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:787:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:799:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:802:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:802:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:814:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:817:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:817:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:829:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:832:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:832:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:844:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:847:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:847:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:856:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:866:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:869:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:869:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:881:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:884:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:884:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:896:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:899:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:899:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:911:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:914:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:914:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:929:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:929:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:941:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:944:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:944:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:956:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:959:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:971:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:974:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:974:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:986:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:989:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:989:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1001:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1004:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1004:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1013:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1023:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1026:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1026:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1038:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1041:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1041:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1053:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1056:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1056:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1068:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1071:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1071:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1080:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1090:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1093:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1093:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1105:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1108:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1123:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/types/PromiseAPI.js:1147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/events/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:89:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:123:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:187:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:195:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/FormsApi.js:305:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/CollectionResponseFormDefinitionBaseForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/CollectionResponseFormDefinitionBaseForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/CollectionResponseFormDefinitionBaseForwardPagingResultsInner.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/CollectionResponseFormDefinitionBaseForwardPagingResultsInner.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/CollectionResponseFormDefinitionBaseForwardPagingResultsInner.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DatepickerField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DatepickerField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DatepickerField.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldDependentField.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldDependentField.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldDependentField.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldFilter.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldFilter.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DependentFieldFilter.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DropdownField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DropdownField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/DropdownField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EmailField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EmailField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EmailField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EmailFieldValidation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EmailFieldValidation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EnumeratedFieldOption.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/EnumeratedFieldOption.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FieldGroup.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FieldGroup.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FieldGroup.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FieldGroup.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FileField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FileField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FileField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionBase.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionBase.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionBase.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionCreateRequestBase.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionCreateRequestBase.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDefinitionCreateRequestBase.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDisplayOptions.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDisplayOptions.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormDisplayOptions.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormPostSubmitAction.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormPostSubmitAction.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormPostSubmitAction.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormStyle.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormStyle.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/FormStyle.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormConfiguration.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormConfiguration.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormConfiguration.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinition.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinition.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinition.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequest.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequestAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequestAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionCreateRequestAllOfLegalConsentOptions.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/HubSpotFormDefinitionPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentCheckbox.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentCheckbox.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsExplicitConsentToProcess.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsExplicitConsentToProcess.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsExplicitConsentToProcess.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsImplicitConsentToProcess.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsImplicitConsentToProcess.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsImplicitConsentToProcess.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsLegitimateInterest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsLegitimateInterest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsLegitimateInterest.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsLegitimateInterest.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsNone.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsNone.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LegalConsentOptionsNone.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LifecycleStage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/LifecycleStage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MobilePhoneField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MobilePhoneField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MobilePhoneField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultiLineTextField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultiLineTextField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultiLineTextField.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultipleCheckboxesField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultipleCheckboxesField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/MultipleCheckboxesField.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NumberField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NumberField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NumberField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NumberFieldValidation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/NumberFieldValidation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:116:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:153:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:201:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:220:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:325:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:392:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:398:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/ObjectSerializer.js:430:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PaymentLinkRadioField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PaymentLinkRadioField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PaymentLinkRadioField.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PhoneField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PhoneField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PhoneField.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PhoneFieldValidation.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/PhoneFieldValidation.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/RadioField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/RadioField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/RadioField.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleCheckboxField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleCheckboxField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleCheckboxField.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleLineTextField.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleLineTextField.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/SingleLineTextField.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/ObservableAPI.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:164:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/types/PromiseAPI.js:191:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/forms/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:63:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:86:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:117:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:148:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/PublicSMTPTokensApi.js:240:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/SingleSendApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/SingleSendApi.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/SingleSendApi.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/SingleSendApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/SingleSendApi.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/CollectionResponseSmtpApiTokenViewForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/CollectionResponseSmtpApiTokenViewForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EmailSendStatusView.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EmailSendStatusView.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EmailSendStatusView.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EmailSendStatusView.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EventIdView.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/EventIdView.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:50:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:54:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:69:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:266:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/ObjectSerializer.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/PublicSingleSendEmail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/PublicSingleSendEmail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/PublicSingleSendRequestEgg.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/PublicSingleSendRequestEgg.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/SmtpApiTokenRequestEgg.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/SmtpApiTokenRequestEgg.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/SmtpApiTokenView.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/SmtpApiTokenView.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:134:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/types/PromiseAPI.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/marketing/transactional/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/AccessTokensApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/AccessTokensApi.js:30:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/AccessTokensApi.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/AccessTokensApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/AccessTokensApi.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:30:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/RefreshTokensApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:31:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/TokensApi.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/auth/auth.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/AccessTokenInfoResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/AccessTokenInfoResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:39:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:239:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/ObjectSerializer.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/RefreshTokenInfoResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/RefreshTokenInfoResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/TokenResponseIF.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/TokenResponseIF.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/ObservableAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/types/PromiseAPI.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/oauth/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/BusinessUnitApi.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/CollectionResponsePublicBusinessUnitNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/CollectionResponsePublicBusinessUnitNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:39:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:239:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:245:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/ObjectSerializer.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/PublicBusinessUnit.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/PublicBusinessUnit.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/PublicBusinessUnitLogoMetadata.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/PublicBusinessUnitLogoMetadata.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/business_units/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/RolesApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/RolesApi.js:31:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/RolesApi.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/RolesApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/RolesApi.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/TeamsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/TeamsApi.js:31:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/TeamsApi.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/TeamsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/TeamsApi.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:117:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:152:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/UsersApi.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicPermissionSetNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicPermissionSetNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicTeamNoPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicTeamNoPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicUserForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/CollectionResponsePublicUserForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ForwardPaging.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ForwardPaging.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/NextPage.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/NextPage.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:53:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:69:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:79:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:266:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/ObjectSerializer.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicPermissionSet.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicPermissionSet.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicTeam.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicTeam.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicUser.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicUser.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicUserUpdate.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/PublicUserUpdate.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/UserProvisionRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/UserProvisionRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:225:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:232:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/ObservableAPI.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:91:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:106:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:148:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:151:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:166:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:181:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:196:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/types/PromiseAPI.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/settings/users/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SettingsApi.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:39:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:94:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:121:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/SubscriptionsApi.js:311:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/baseapi.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/exception.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/exception.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/exception.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/apis/exception.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/auth/auth.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/auth/auth.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/http.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/http/isomorphic-fetch.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/index.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/middleware.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchInputSubscriptionBatchUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchInputSubscriptionBatchUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponse.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponseWithErrors.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponseWithErrors.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/BatchResponseSubscriptionResponseWithErrors.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ErrorDetail.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ErrorDetail.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ModelError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ModelError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:56:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:62:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:80:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:99:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:271:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ObjectSerializer.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SettingsChangeRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SettingsChangeRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SettingsResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SettingsResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/StandardError.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/StandardError.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionBatchUpdateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionBatchUpdateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionCreateRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionCreateRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionCreateRequest.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionListResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionListResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionPatchRequest.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionPatchRequest.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionResponse.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionResponse.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/SubscriptionResponse.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ThrottlingSettings.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/ThrottlingSettings.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/models/all.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/rxjsStub.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/rxjsStub.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/rxjsStub.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/rxjsStub.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/rxjsStub.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/servers.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/servers.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/servers.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObjectParamAPI.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:213:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:255:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:306:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:345:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:383:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:396:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:403:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/ObservableAPI.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:111:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:201:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:264:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:279:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/types/PromiseAPI.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/util.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/util.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/codegen/webhooks/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:82:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/client.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:11:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:24:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:29:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:30:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:36:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:41:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:54:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/ApiClientConfigurator.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/constants.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/configuration/constants.js:9:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/BaseDiscovery.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/automation/AutomationDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/automation/AutomationDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/automation/actions/ActionsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/automation/actions/ActionsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/CmsDiscovery.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/audit_logs/AuditLogsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/audit_logs/AuditLogsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/BlogsDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/BlogsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/BlogsDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/BlogsDiscovery.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/authors/AuthorsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/authors/AuthorsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/blog_posts/BlogPostsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/blog_posts/BlogPostsDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/tags/TagsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/blogs/tags/TagsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/domains/DomainsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/domains/DomainsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/hubdb/HubdbDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/hubdb/HubdbDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/pages/PagesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/pages/PagesDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/performance/PerformanceDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/performance/PerformanceDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/site_search/SiteSearchDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/site_search/SiteSearchDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/source_code/SourceCodeDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/source_code/SourceCodeDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/url_redirects/UrlRedirectsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/cms/url_redirects/UrlRedirectsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/communicationPreferences/CommunicationPreferencesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/communicationPreferences/CommunicationPreferencesDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/conversations/ConversationsDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/conversations/ConversationsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/conversations/visitor_identification/VisitorIdentificationDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/conversations/visitor_identification/VisitorIdentificationDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:136:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/CrmDiscovery.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/AssociationsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/AssociationsDiscovery.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/AssociationsDiscovery.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/schema/SchemaDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/v4/AssociationsDiscovery.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/v4/AssociationsDiscovery.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/v4/schema/SchemaDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/associations/v4/schema/SchemaDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/commerce/CommerceDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/commerce/CommerceDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/commerce/invoices/InvoicesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/commerce/invoices/InvoicesDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/companies/CompaniesDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/companies/CompaniesDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/companies/CompaniesDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/contacts/ContactsDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/contacts/ContactsDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/contacts/ContactsDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/deals/DealsDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/deals/DealsDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/deals/DealsDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/exports/ExportsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/exports/ExportsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/ExtensionsDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/ExtensionsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/ExtensionsDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/ExtensionsDiscovery.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/calling/CallingDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/calling/CallingDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/cards/CardsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/cards/CardsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/VideoconferencingDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/extensions/videoconferencing/VideoconferencingDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/imports/ImportsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/imports/ImportsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/line_items/LineItemsDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/line_items/LineItemsDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/line_items/LineItemsDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/lists/ListsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/lists/ListsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/ObjectsDiscovery.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/calls/CallsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/calls/CallsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/communications/CommunicationsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/communications/CommunicationsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/deal_splits/DealSplitsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/deal_splits/DealSplitsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/emails/EmailsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/emails/EmailsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/FeedbackSubmissionsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/feedback_submissions/FeedbackSubmissionsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/goals/GoalsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/goals/GoalsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/leads/LeadsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/leads/LeadsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/meetings/MeetingsDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/meetings/MeetingsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/notes/NotesDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/notes/NotesDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/postal_mail/PostalMailDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/postal_mail/PostalMailDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/tasks/TasksDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/tasks/TasksDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/taxes/TaxesDiscovery.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/objects/taxes/TaxesDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/owners/OwnersDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/owners/OwnersDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/pipelines/PipelinesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/pipelines/PipelinesDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/products/ProductsDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/products/ProductsDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/products/ProductsDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/properties/PropertiesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/properties/PropertiesDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/quotes/QuotesDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/quotes/QuotesDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/quotes/QuotesDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/schemas/SchemasDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/schemas/SchemasDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/tickets/TicketsDiscovery.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/tickets/TicketsDiscovery.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/tickets/TicketsDiscovery.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/timeline/TimelineDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/crm/timeline/TimelineDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/events/EventsDiscovery.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/events/EventsDiscovery.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/events/send/SendDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/events/send/SendDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/files/FilesDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/files/FilesDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/MarketingDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/MarketingDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/MarketingDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/MarketingDiscovery.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/MarketingDiscovery.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/emails/EmailsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/emails/EmailsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/events/EventsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/events/EventsDiscovery.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/forms/FormsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/forms/FormsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/transactional/TransactionalDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/marketing/transactional/TransactionalDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:16:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:21:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:42:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/oauth/OauthDiscovery.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/SettingsDiscovery.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/SettingsDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/SettingsDiscovery.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/business_units/BusinessUnitsDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/business_units/BusinessUnitsDiscovery.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/users/UsersDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/settings/users/UsersDiscovery.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/webhooks/WebhooksDiscovery.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/discovery/webhooks/WebhooksDiscovery.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/enums/AssociationTypes.js:109:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/ApiDecoratorService.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/ApiDecoratorService.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/ApiDecoratorService.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/LimiterDecorator.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/LimiterDecorator.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:17:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:42:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:48:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:53:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/decorators/RetryDecorator.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/getAll.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/getAll.js:23:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/getAll.js:23:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/getAll.js:23:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/getAll.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Auth.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Auth.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/AuthMethods.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/AuthTypes.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/HttpClient.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/HttpClient.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:23:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:40:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/Request.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/services/http/StatusCodes.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:4:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:4:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/src/utils/signature.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/test/unit/signature.spec.js:6:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/test/unit/signature.spec.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/test/unit/signature.spec.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@hubspot/api-client/lib/test/unit/signature.spec.js:36:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:80:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:82:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:99:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:143:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:178:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:217:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/@jridgewell/resolve-uri/dist/resolve-uri.umd.js:220:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:153:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:171:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:224:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:225:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:232:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:233:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:240:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:272:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:327:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:343:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:343:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:363:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:364:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:366:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:368:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:369:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:370:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:385:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:399:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:406:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:408:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:413:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:416:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:419:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:420:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:421:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:423:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:430:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:433:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec/dist/sourcemap-codec.umd.js:434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:385:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:385:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:394:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:400:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:402:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:407:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:410:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:412:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:412:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:415:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:424:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:426:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:430:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:431:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:432:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:437:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:440:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:442:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:465:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:467:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:486:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:497:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:513:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:515:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:520:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:521:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:522:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@jridgewell/trace-mapping/dist/trace-mapping.umd.js:523:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:301:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/@types/node-fetch/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/accepts/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:63:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn-walk/dist/walk.js:65:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:256:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:446:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:647:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:647:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:705:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:866:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:967:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1059:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1059:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1257:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1258:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1368:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1644:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1652:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1748:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1748:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:1753:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2235:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2273:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2389:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2589:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2613:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:2984:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3007:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3009:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3105:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3151:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3228:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3229:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3371:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3963:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3979:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3988:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:3995:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4001:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4007:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4013:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4023:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4216:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4345:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4404:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4670:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4744:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4770:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4777:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4843:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4859:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4978:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:4985:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5202:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5217:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5362:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5388:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5481:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5760:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:5910:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn.js:6066:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:77:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:80:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:83:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/acorn/dist/bin.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/anymatch/index.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/anymatch/index.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/anymatch/index.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/anymatch/index.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/bench.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/bench.js:69:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/asynckit/bench.js:73:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/asynckit/lib/abort.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/async.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/defer.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/iterate.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/iterate.js:64:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_asynckit.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_asynckit.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_asynckit.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_asynckit.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_parallel.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_serial.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/readable_serial_ordered.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/state.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/lib/streamify.js:29:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/asynckit/lib/streamify.js:78:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/asynckit/lib/terminator.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/parallel.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/serial.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/serialOrdered.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/serialOrdered.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/serialOrdered.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/asynckit/stream.js:11:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:18:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:57:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:57:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:57:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:57:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:87:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:89:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:92:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:101:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:102:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:109:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:142:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:153:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:153:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:154:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:156:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:156:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:161:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:163:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:276:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:300:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:311:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:315:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:316:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:318:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:322:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:322:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:335:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:337:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:339:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:359:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:360:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:364:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:364:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:364:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:382:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:390:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:402:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:406:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:413:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:418:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:422:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:430:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:435:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:436:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:438:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:440:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:441:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:456:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:456:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:459:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:460:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:465:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:492:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:496:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:559:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:564:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:565:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:595:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:598:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:601:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:603:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:604:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:605:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:607:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:608:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:609:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:612:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:613:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:625:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:626:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:632:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:666:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:668:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:960:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:970:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1091:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1095:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1134:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1139:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1173:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1190:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1225:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1238:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1244:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1269:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1284:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1296:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1512:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1585:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1616:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1640:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:1965:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2048:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2177:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2184:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2234:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2243:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2248:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2323:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2531:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2649:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2665:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2722:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2746:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2750:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2760:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2776:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2785:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:2851:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3095:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3130:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3192:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3253:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3310:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3310:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3312:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3312:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3313:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3372:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3430:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3448:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3477:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3711:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3719:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3740:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3794:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:3806:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:4004:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.js:4006:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/dist/esm/axios.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/esm/axios.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/esm/axios.min.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/esm/axios.min.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/dist/esm/axios.min.js:2:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/adapters.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/adapters.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/adapters.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/adapters.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:31:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:72:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/fetch.js:225:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:320:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:325:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:327:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:352:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:359:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:394:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:449:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:464:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:465:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:559:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:582:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:651:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:674:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/http.js:678:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/adapters/xhr.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/axios.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:28:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/cancel/CancelToken.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:45:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:173:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/Axios.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosError.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:25:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:34:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:43:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:101:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:196:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:200:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/AxiosHeaders.js:277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/buildFullPath.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/buildFullPath.js:18:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:23:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:25:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:35:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:51:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/lib/core/mergeConfig.js:60:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/axios/lib/core/settle.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/transformData.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/core/transformData.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/defaults/index.js:81:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:97:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/AxiosTransformStream.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/HttpStatusCode.js:1:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/HttpStatusCode.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/buildURL.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/buildURL.js:52:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/buildURL.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/buildURL.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/buildURL.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/composeSignals.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/composeSignals.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/composeSignals.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/composeSignals.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/cookies.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/cookies.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/deprecatedMethod.js:17:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/deprecatedMethod.js:23:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToJSON.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToStream.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToStream.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToStream.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToStream.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/formDataToStream.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/fromDataURI.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/fromDataURI.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/fromDataURI.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/fromDataURI.js:52:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/parseHeaders.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/parseHeaders.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/parseHeaders.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/parseHeaders.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/parseProtocol.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/progressEventReducer.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/progressEventReducer.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/resolveConfig.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/resolveConfig.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/resolveConfig.js:31:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/resolveConfig.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/resolveConfig.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/speedometer.js:19:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/throttle.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/throttle.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/throttle.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/throttle.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/throttle.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/toFormData.js:40:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/toFormData.js:117:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/toFormData.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/toFormData.js:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/trackStream.js:3:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/trackStream.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/trackStream.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/trackStream.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/trackStream.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/validator.js:43:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/validator.js:58:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/axios/lib/helpers/validator.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/axios/lib/platform/node/index.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/platform/node/index.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/platform/node/index.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/utils.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/lib/utils.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:301:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/axios/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/axios/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/balanced-match/index.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/balanced-match/index.js:4:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/balanced-match/index.js:5:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/balanced-match/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/balanced-match/index.js:41:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/body-parser/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/read.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/read.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/json.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/json.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/json.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/raw.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/raw.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/text.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/text.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/urlencoded.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/urlencoded.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/body-parser/lib/types/urlencoded.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:9:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:285:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:310:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:509:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:614:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:806:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:812:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:813:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:829:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:849:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:850:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:851:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:870:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:886:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:893:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:946:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:953:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:957:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:967:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:967:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:970:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:974:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:977:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:979:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:998:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1000:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1010:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1068:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1071:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1083:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1133:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1134:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1175:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1188:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1202:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1292:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1325:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1377:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1392:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1399:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1411:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1510:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1512:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1531:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1789:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1790:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1790:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1792:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1795:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1796:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1803:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1804:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1805:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1806:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1807:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1810:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:1892:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2058:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2060:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2062:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2597:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2601:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2653:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2861:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:2865:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3004:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3080:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3080:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3287:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3330:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3337:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3379:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3690:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3724:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3731:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3741:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3961:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3963:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:3963:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4036:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4124:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4124:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4132:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4134:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4135:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4137:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4140:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4141:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4145:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4146:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4147:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4148:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4153:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4158:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4165:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4169:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4170:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4171:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4175:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4207:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4360:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4363:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4373:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4378:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4480:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4601:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4631:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4669:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4683:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4687:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4692:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4694:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4695:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4827:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/es5.js:4879:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Batcher.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:5:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:13:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:61:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:64:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:185:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:195:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:216:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:220:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:244:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:270:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:293:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:296:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:303:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:316:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:320:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:325:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:325:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:327:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:328:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:376:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:390:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:436:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:475:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:482:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:486:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:497:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:509:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:530:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Bottleneck.js:594:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/BottleneckError.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:52:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:98:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:99:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/DLList.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:37:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:60:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:78:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:92:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:98:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Events.js:128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:9:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:51:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:53:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:53:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:88:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:142:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:142:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:146:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:147:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:148:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:150:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:151:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:160:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:182:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Group.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:9:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:69:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:73:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/IORedisConnection.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:173:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:178:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:186:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Job.js:215:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:30:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:30:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:32:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:35:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:36:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:43:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:45:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:50:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:87:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:214:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:215:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:276:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/LocalDatastore.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:16:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:16:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Queues.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:54:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:58:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:94:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:109:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisConnection.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:9:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:58:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:58:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:95:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:107:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:111:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:131:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:177:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:184:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:200:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:211:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:221:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:273:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:340:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/RedisDatastore.js:352:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Scripts.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Scripts.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Scripts.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:50:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:66:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:82:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/States.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/Sync.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:6:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:17:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/lib/parser.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:28:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:84:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:122:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:124:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:125:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:125:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:161:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:161:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:241:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:241:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:309:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:311:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:320:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:321:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:322:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:323:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:324:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:339:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:402:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:424:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:459:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:461:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:466:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:481:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:481:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:483:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:483:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:485:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:485:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:486:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:490:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:495:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:496:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:496:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:498:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:498:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:527:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:527:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:574:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:581:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:581:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:602:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:609:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:611:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:613:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:615:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:639:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:640:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:641:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:656:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:657:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:670:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:683:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:684:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:697:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:698:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:704:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:714:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:714:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:720:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:724:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:725:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:726:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:727:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:740:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:751:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:756:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:757:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:792:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:792:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:793:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:795:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:816:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:818:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:820:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:824:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:828:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:830:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:832:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:856:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:856:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:858:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:858:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:858:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:870:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:883:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:884:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:885:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:886:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:904:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:905:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:906:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:907:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:910:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:911:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:911:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:912:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:924:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:925:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:927:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:928:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:955:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:955:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:975:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:977:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:992:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1008:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1032:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1039:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1041:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1043:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1045:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1047:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1049:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1051:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1053:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1055:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1057:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1217:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1227:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1248:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1270:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1272:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1276:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1288:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1292:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1297:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1297:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1298:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1299:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1328:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1341:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1375:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1405:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1412:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1439:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1452:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/light.js:1458:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/rollup.config.es5.js:6:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/rollup.config.light.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/scripts/assemble_lua.js:20:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/scripts/assemble_lua.js:23:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/scripts/version.js:3:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/test/batcher.js:191:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:242:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:254:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:292:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:363:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:400:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:582:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:589:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:620:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:664:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:689:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:710:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:730:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:757:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:779:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:783:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:813:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:845:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:862:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:889:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:906:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:972:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1015:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1064:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1084:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1277:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1316:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1361:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1364:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1370:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1408:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1451:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1460:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1495:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1529:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/cluster.js:1532:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:10:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:22:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:43:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/context.js:135:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:168:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:282:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:382:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:389:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:473:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:496:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:514:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:534:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:552:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:568:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:626:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:663:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:674:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:691:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:725:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:752:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:774:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:804:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:827:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/general.js:854:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/promises.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/promises.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bottleneck/test/retries.js:228:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:66:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:104:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:153:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:170:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:179:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:181:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/brace-expansion/index.js:194:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/index.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/index.js:125:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/index.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/index.js:170:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/compile.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/compile.js:19:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/braces/lib/compile.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:13:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:87:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:57:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:78:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:115:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:172:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:175:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:289:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:307:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:312:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:313:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:314:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/stringify.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:25:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:35:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:63:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:92:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:93:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js:102:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/buffer-from/index.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bytes/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bytes/index.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bytes/index.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/bytes/index.js:28:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:159:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:164:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:166:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:180:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:212:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:217:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:246:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:267:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:271:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:271:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:294:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:313:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:314:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:315:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:316:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:317:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:318:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:322:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:326:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:359:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:360:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:362:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:364:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:365:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:368:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:369:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:372:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:378:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:443:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:444:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:447:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:452:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:479:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:479:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:480:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:492:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:511:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:514:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:531:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:541:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:561:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:561:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:562:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:562:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:565:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:566:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:567:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:571:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:571:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:589:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:589:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:597:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:597:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:598:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:603:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:617:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:629:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:643:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:680:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:683:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:714:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:721:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:730:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:748:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:793:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:810:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:847:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:853:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:884:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:884:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:887:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:895:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:909:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:918:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:919:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:933:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:945:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:950:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/index.js:973:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:11:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:125:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:126:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:152:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:172:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:173:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:202:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:202:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:202:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:240:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:274:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:292:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:309:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:316:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:331:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:332:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:374:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:381:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:395:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:412:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:418:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:419:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:450:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/fsevents-handler.js:526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:149:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:156:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:173:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:188:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:247:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:320:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:320:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:326:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:331:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:358:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:365:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:399:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:433:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:458:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:461:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:462:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:496:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:505:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:528:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:531:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:548:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:551:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:564:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:569:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:588:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:605:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:616:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:618:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:625:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:630:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/chokidar/lib/nodefs-handler.js:654:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/combined-stream/lib/combined_stream.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/combined-stream/lib/combined_stream.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/combined-stream/lib/combined_stream.js:146:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/combined-stream/lib/combined_stream.js:157:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/concat-map/example/map.js:6:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/concat-map/index.js:5:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/concat-map/index.js:6:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/content-disposition/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/content-disposition/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/content-disposition/index.js:166:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/content-disposition/index.js:341:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/content-type/index.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/content-type/index.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/content-type/index.js:139:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/cookie-signature/index.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie-signature/index.js:18:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie-signature/index.js:37:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie-signature/index.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/cookie/index.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/cookie/index.js:108:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie/index.js:117:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie/index.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie/index.js:157:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/cookie/index.js:164:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/cookie/index.js:203:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/create-require/create-require.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:18:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/debug/src/browser.js:177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/common.js:284:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:144:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/debug/src/node.js:147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/delayed-stream/lib/delayed_stream.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/index.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/index.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/index.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/index.js:302:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/index.js:386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/lib/browser/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/lib/browser/index.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/lib/browser/index.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/depd/lib/browser/index.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:41:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:59:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:131:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:212:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:454:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:461:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:538:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:670:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:1025:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:1220:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:1308:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:1477:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.js:1485:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/dist/diff.min.js:38:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/diff/lib/convert/dmp.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/convert/xml.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/array.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/array.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:32:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:108:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/base.js:201:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/character.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/character.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/css.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/css.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/json.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/line.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/line.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/line.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/sentence.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/sentence.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/word.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/word.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/diff/word.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:16:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:69:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:88:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:169:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:393:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:411:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:418:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:495:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:627:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:982:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:1177:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:1265:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:1434:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/index.es6.js:1442:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/apply.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/apply.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js:22:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/create.js:183:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:182:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:304:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:421:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:462:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/merge.js:591:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/parse.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/patch/parse.js:108:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/diff/lib/util/array.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/util/array.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/util/distance-iterator.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/diff/lib/util/params.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/env-options.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:22:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:93:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:97:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:205:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:220:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:247:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dotenv/lib/main.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dunder-proto/get.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/deduped.js:7:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/deduped.js:8:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/deduped.js:10:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/not-deduped.js:4:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/not-deduped.js:5:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/not-deduped.js:7:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/pack1/common/dep-uno/foo.js:3:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/pack1/common/dep-uno/foo.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/pack2/common/dep-uno/foo.js:3:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/example/pack2/common/dep-uno/foo.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/index.js:45:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/index.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/test/fixtures/pack1/common/dep-dos/foo.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/test/fixtures/pack1/common/dep-uno/bar.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/test/fixtures/pack1/common/dep-uno/foo.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/test/fixtures/pack2/common/dep-uno/bar.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/dynamic-dedupe/test/fixtures/pack2/common/dep-uno/foo.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ee-first/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ee-first/index.js:25:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ee-first/index.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ee-first/index.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/encodeurl/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-define-property/index.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-define-property/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/eval.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/range.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/ref.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/syntax.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/type.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-errors/uri.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es-object-atoms/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:455:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:689:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:860:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:1135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.js:1137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.auto.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:10:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:411:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:454:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:455:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:511:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:689:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:860:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:1135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.js:1137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/dist/es6-promise.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/-internal.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/asap.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/enumerator.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/enumerator.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/enumerator.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/enumerator.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/enumerator.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/polyfill.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/polyfill.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/polyfill.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/polyfill.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/polyfill.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:410:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:424:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:427:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:428:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:429:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/promise.js:430:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/then.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/utils.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/utils.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/es6-promise/lib/es6-promise/utils.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/escape-html/index.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/etag/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/application.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/application.js:617:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/express/lib/application.js:617:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/express.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:202:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:204:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:374:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:432:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:435:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/request.js:463:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:100:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:197:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:410:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:411:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:904:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:919:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:929:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:939:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:946:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:957:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:958:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:959:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:960:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/response.js:968:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/utils.js:95:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/utils.js:175:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/express/lib/utils.js:193:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/express/lib/view.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:28:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:29:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:30:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:30:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:44:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:59:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:83:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:99:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:119:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:141:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:233:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:237:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fill-range/index.js:248:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/finalhandler/index.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/follow-redirects/debug.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/follow-redirects/debug.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:16:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:30:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:272:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:283:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:389:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:423:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:431:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:480:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:484:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:500:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:532:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:554:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:641:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:642:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:646:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/follow-redirects/index.js:686:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/lib/form_data.js:301:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/form-data/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/form-data/node_modules/mime-types/index.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/forwarded/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fresh/index.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:3:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:50:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:59:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/index.js:65:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:38:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:40:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:53:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:57:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:57:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:59:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:59:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:149:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:168:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:169:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:222:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:236:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:262:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:267:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:281:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:284:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:291:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/fs.realpath/old.js:294:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/get-intrinsic/index.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob-parent/index.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:3:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/common.js:26:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:49:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:69:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:91:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:99:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:131:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:133:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:139:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:141:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:150:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:169:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:186:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/common.js:232:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/glob.js:63:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/glob.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/glob.js:88:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/glob/glob.js:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:104:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:108:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/glob.js:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:129:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:159:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:185:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:190:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:197:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:198:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:204:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:208:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:212:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/glob/glob.js:212:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:219:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:226:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:237:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:239:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:241:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:243:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/glob/glob.js:295:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:299:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:344:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:349:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:353:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:358:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:363:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:365:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:378:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:398:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:407:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:416:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:423:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:425:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:445:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:447:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:455:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:458:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:468:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:471:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:474:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:479:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:486:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:492:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:493:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:498:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:505:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:509:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:521:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:525:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:526:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:530:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:534:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:539:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:542:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:553:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:555:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:559:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:560:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:570:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:572:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:581:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:582:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:615:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:616:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/glob/glob.js:636:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:652:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:657:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:683:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:687:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:696:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:701:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:714:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:720:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:724:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:727:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:738:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:742:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/glob/glob.js:750:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:754:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/glob/glob.js:759:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:761:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:778:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:782:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/glob.js:786:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/sync.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/glob/sync.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:27:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:30:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:34:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:63:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:111:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:116:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:120:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:130:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:132:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:167:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:176:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:183:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:185:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:204:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:206:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:218:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:230:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:236:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:244:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:265:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:267:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:275:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:280:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:283:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:303:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:305:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:340:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:342:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:343:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/glob/sync.js:354:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:370:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:375:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:392:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:396:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:405:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:410:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:422:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:428:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:432:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:435:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:469:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/glob/sync.js:474:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/gopd/index.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/gopd/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/http-errors/index.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/.idea/codeStyles/Project.xml:1:	MissingEncoding:	MissingEncoding: Set an explicit XML encoding in the XML declaration to ensure proper parsing
node_modules/iconv-lite/.idea/codeStyles/codeStyleConfig.xml:1:	MissingEncoding:	MissingEncoding: Set an explicit XML encoding in the XML declaration to ensure proper parsing
node_modules/iconv-lite/.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml:1:	MissingEncoding:	MissingEncoding: Set an explicit XML encoding in the XML declaration to ensure proper parsing
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:17:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:26:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:49:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:114:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:118:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:120:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:129:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:130:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:136:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:145:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:147:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:185:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:192:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:199:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:204:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:210:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:217:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:226:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:246:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:255:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:258:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:275:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:286:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:288:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:305:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:323:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:340:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:348:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:355:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:389:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:412:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:439:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:440:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:458:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:471:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:573:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:584:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:591:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-codec.js:593:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:7:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:41:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:58:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:85:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:91:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:103:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:119:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:160:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:167:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/dbcs-data.js:170:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/index.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/index.js:20:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/index.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:6:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:30:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:43:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:121:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:177:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:179:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:182:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/internal.js:195:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:9:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:13:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:18:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:28:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-codec.js:44:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/sbcs-data.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:41:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:41:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:81:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:82:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:89:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:144:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:148:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:170:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:171:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:174:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:175:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:190:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf16.js:191:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:64:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:75:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:81:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:83:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:89:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:91:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:119:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:200:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:207:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:237:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:245:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:261:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:265:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:297:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:300:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:301:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:314:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf32.js:315:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:50:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:81:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:111:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:166:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:173:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:252:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/encodings/utf7.js:282:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/bom-handling.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/bom-handling.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/bom-handling.js:36:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/bom-handling.js:41:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:31:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:72:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:83:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:93:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:140:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:165:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/index.js:179:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:28:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:72:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:76:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:87:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/iconv-lite/lib/streams.js:105:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/inflight/inflight.js:8:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/inflight/inflight.js:52:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/inherits/inherits.js:4:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ipaddr.js/ipaddr.min.js:1:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/is-extglob/index.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/is-extglob/index.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/is-glob/index.js:146:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/is-promise/index.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/is-promise/index.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:155:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:300:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:386:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:387:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:402:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:499:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:500:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:501:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:502:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:503:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:517:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:600:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:601:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:602:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:603:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:604:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:700:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:701:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:702:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:703:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:704:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:785:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1102:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1125:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1159:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1167:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1191:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1192:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1284:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1397:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1402:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1418:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1459:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1704:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/lodash.merge/index.js:1977:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/dist/make-error.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/make-error/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/index.js:17:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:23:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:32:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:46:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:65:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:67:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:79:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:97:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/index.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/index.js:129:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:130:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:140:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/make-error/index.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/index.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/make-error/index.js:151:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/media-typer/index.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/media-typer/index.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/media-typer/index.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mime-types/index.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mime-types/index.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mime-types/index.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mime-types/index.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mime-types/index.js:94:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:180:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:219:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:228:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:246:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:304:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:306:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:308:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:334:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:338:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:351:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:364:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:373:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:388:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:402:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:456:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:667:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:669:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:703:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:726:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:730:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:731:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:733:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:759:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:770:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:777:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:809:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:847:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:860:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:886:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:903:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:918:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/minimatch/minimatch.js:922:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/minimist/example/parse.js:4:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/minimist/index.js:26:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/all_bool.js:7:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/all_bool.js:11:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/all_bool.js:21:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/all_bool.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:7:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:12:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:29:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:44:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:48:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:52:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:66:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:72:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:86:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:93:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:108:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:114:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:127:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:134:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:144:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:145:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:156:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:157:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/bool.js:170:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/default_bool.js:7:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/default_bool.js:16:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/default_bool.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/default_bool.js:31:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:22:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:29:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:60:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:114:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:126:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:136:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:146:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:172:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:182:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:193:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:199:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/parse.js:202:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/short.js:52:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/short.js:63:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/stop_early.js:7:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/stop_early.js:11:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:32:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:37:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:52:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:72:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:92:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/minimist/test/unknown.js:99:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:36:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:38:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:41:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:44:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:48:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:53:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:59:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:62:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:64:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js:66:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/find-made.js:5:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:23:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:30:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:41:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js:15:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js:33:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:5:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:9:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:11:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js:8:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js:20:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js:29:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ms/index.js:29:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/ms/index.js:48:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/negotiator/index.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/index.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/charset.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/charset.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/charset.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/encoding.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/encoding.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/encoding.js:71:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:68:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/language.js:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:149:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:220:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:257:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/negotiator/lib/mediaType.js:279:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/node-fetch/browser.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:82:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:95:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:97:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:154:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:564:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:567:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:570:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:573:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:576:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:579:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:582:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:585:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:588:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:611:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:614:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:616:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:619:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:621:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:702:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:711:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:756:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:790:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:800:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:814:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:830:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1039:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1053:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1203:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1206:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1237:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1237:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1433:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1443:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1459:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1483:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1517:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1661:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1679:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1696:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1702:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1712:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1718:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.es.js:1729:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:39:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:86:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:92:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:96:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:99:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:158:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:568:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:571:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:574:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:577:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:580:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:583:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:586:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:589:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:592:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:615:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:618:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:620:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:623:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:625:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:715:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:760:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:804:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:818:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:834:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1043:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1057:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1197:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1210:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1241:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1401:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1437:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1447:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1463:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1487:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1521:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1665:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1683:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1700:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1706:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1716:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1722:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1733:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1780:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1782:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1783:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1784:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1785:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1786:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js:1787:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/normalize-path/index.js:13:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/normalize-path/index.js:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/object-inspect/example/all.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/object-inspect/example/all.js:23:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/object-inspect/example/circular.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/object-inspect/example/circular.js:6:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/object-inspect/example/fn.js:5:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/object-inspect/example/inspect.js:10:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/object-inspect/index.js:208:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/object-inspect/test/values.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/object-inspect/test/values.js:53:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/object-inspect/test/values.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:111:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:112:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:163:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:164:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/on-finished/index.js:191:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/once/once.js:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/once/once.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/parseurl/index.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/parseurl/index.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-is-absolute/index.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-is-absolute/index.js:20:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-parse/index.js:59:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/path-parse/index.js:70:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/path-parse/index.js:72:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:8:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:47:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:49:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:56:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:106:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:112:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:119:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:123:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:128:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/path-to-regexp/dist/index.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:130:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:149:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:202:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:220:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:249:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:252:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:281:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:319:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:354:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:374:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:405:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:414:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:418:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:422:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:436:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:437:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:490:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:518:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:521:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:536:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:537:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:599:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:600:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:655:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:669:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:669:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:672:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:785:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:790:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:805:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:806:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:848:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:854:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:868:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:883:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:896:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:911:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:932:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:939:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:940:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:943:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:944:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:947:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:948:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:952:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:953:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1012:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1035:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1039:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1043:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1069:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1071:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1074:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1085:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js:1091:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:34:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:63:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:138:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:200:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:250:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:256:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:261:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:291:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:326:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:336:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:80:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:90:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:101:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:101:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:113:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:113:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:114:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:116:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:126:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:127:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:128:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:141:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:142:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:143:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:159:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:163:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:167:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:181:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:183:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:187:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:187:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:189:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:190:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:195:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:196:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:207:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:208:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:209:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:219:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:228:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:230:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:236:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:237:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:238:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:251:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:262:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:263:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:268:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:278:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:289:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:290:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:298:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:299:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:300:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:305:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:307:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:308:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:310:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:315:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:320:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:320:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:323:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:347:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:360:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:362:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:370:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:378:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:384:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:385:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js:391:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:41:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:42:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:47:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:56:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:69:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:256:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/proxy-addr/index.js:308:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/proxy-from-env/index.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/proxy-from-env/index.js:37:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/proxy-from-env/index.js:78:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/proxy-from-env/index.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:11:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:37:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:40:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:49:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:52:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:76:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:79:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/dist/qs.js:138:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/qs/lib/parse.js:186:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/qs/lib/parse.js:221:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/lib/stringify.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/lib/utils.js:153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/qs/test/parse.js:686:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/qs/test/stringify.js:836:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/range-parser/index.js:15:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:43:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:49:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:243:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:255:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:272:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:273:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/raw-body/index.js:274:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:36:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:37:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:49:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:115:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:180:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:223:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:235:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:258:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:259:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:259:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:260:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:260:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:283:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:285:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/readdirp/index.js:287:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/example/async.js:3:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/example/async.js:3:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/example/async.js:4:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/example/async.js:4:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/example/sync.js:3:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/index.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:34:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:41:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:42:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:56:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:120:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:121:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:129:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:132:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:133:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:135:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:136:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:137:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:154:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:155:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:156:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:157:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:186:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:190:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:191:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:195:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:200:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:210:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:217:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:221:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:224:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:228:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:231:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:253:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:256:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:257:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:259:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:260:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:278:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:279:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:280:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:284:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:285:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:299:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:305:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:306:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:311:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:312:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:317:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/async.js:318:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/core.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:103:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:104:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:108:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:113:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:138:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:143:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:184:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:186:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:202:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/lib/sync.js:204:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/dotdot/abc/index.js:2:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/filter.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:84:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:138:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:229:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/mock.js:235:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/node_path.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/pathfilter.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/pathfilter.js:38:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/pathfilter.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/precedence/aaa/main.js:1:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/precedence/bbb/main.js:1:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:29:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:35:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:41:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:61:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:67:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:73:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:84:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:119:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:131:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:143:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:149:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:155:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:161:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:167:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:178:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:200:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:205:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:230:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:246:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:251:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:276:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:289:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:330:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:364:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:369:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:380:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:385:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:396:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver.js:500:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/multirepo/packages/package-a/index.js:35:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:6:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:7:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:8:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:13:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/async.js:23:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/sync.js:5:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/sync.js:6:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/sync.js:7:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/resolve/test/resolver/nested_symlinks/mylib/sync.js:12:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:10:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:12:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:14:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:16:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:16:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:18:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:37:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:40:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:43:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/bin.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:74:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:82:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:82:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:87:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:91:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:118:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:144:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:148:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:156:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:174:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:179:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:181:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:183:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:185:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:187:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:195:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:202:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:211:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:217:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:219:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:234:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:236:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:238:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:248:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:251:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:255:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:256:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:258:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:260:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:260:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:270:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:292:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:301:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:305:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:312:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:314:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:316:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:318:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:320:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:331:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:337:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:339:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:341:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:368:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/rimraf/rimraf.js:368:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/router/index.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/index.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/index.js:188:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/router/index.js:219:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/router/index.js:404:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/index.js:633:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/router/index.js:646:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:55:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:198:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/layer.js:199:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/route.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/router/lib/route.js:136:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/router/lib/route.js:207:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/safe-buffer/index.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/safe-buffer/index.js:17:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:14:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:22:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:28:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:29:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:30:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/dangerous.js:58:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:12:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:13:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:19:	ScopeForInVariable:	ScopeForInVariable: The for-in loop variable 'null' should be explicitly scoped with var to avoid pollution.
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:20:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/safer.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:80:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:91:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:110:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:129:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:138:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:279:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:280:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:294:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:295:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:298:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:302:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:315:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:316:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:320:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:324:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:340:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:341:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:343:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:358:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:359:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/safer-buffer/tests.js:361:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:68:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/send/index.js:490:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/send/index.js:530:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:611:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:612:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:613:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:629:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:630:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:648:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/send/index.js:649:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:657:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:658:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/send/index.js:718:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/serve-static/index.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/serve-static/index.js:71:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/side-channel-list/index.js:21:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/side-channel-weakmap/index.js:68:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/side-channel-weakmap/index.js:73:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:53:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:63:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:102:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:174:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:174:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:175:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:335:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:364:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:436:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:495:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:496:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:499:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:523:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:524:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:525:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:526:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:532:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:567:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:577:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:583:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:584:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:610:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:620:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:621:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:623:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map-support/source-map-support.js:624:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:3:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:5:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:7:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:9:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:36:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:50:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:353:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:359:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:739:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:741:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:1285:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2044:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2154:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2175:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2460:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2613:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2626:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2640:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2857:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2884:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2888:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.debug.js:2962:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:3:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:5:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:7:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:9:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:36:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:50:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:353:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:359:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:739:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:741:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:1285:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2044:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2154:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2175:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2460:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2613:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2626:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2640:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2857:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2884:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2888:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.js:2962:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/dist/source-map.min.js:1:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/lib/array-set.js:71:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/array-set.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/base64-vlq.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/base64-vlq.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/base64-vlq.js:133:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/base64-vlq.js:135:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/binary-search.js:36:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/binary-search.js:49:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/binary-search.js:63:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/mapping-list.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:252:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:349:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:618:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:728:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:749:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:826:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:926:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:1034:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-consumer.js:1145:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-generator.js:283:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-generator.js:289:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-map-generator.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-node.js:43:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-node.js:70:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-node.js:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-node.js:148:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/source-map/lib/source-node.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:19:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:21:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:45:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:123:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:182:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:332:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:371:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:425:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:435:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/source-map/lib/util.js:488:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/statuses/index.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/statuses/index.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/strip-json-comments/index.js:42:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/strip-json-comments/index.js:57:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:60:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:67:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:71:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:75:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:84:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:143:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:220:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:271:	UnnecessaryBlock:	UnnecessaryBlock: Unnecessary block.
node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js:288:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/toidentifier/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tr46/index.js:23:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/tr46/index.js:180:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/tr46/index.js:193:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tree-kill/cli.js:2:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tree-kill/cli.js:6:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/tree-kill/cli.js:12:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:13:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:15:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:37:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:69:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:85:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:100:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/tree-kill/index.js:102:	EqualComparison:	EqualComparison: Use ===/!== to compare with true/false or Numbers
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:7:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:7:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:15:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:16:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:17:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:30:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:31:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:55:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:65:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:66:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:84:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:95:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:100:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:112:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:131:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/bin.js:133:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:20:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:25:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:27:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:29:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:31:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:43:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/cfg.js:45:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:46:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:52:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:121:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:136:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/child-require-hook.js:140:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:17:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:60:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:74:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:83:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:93:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:97:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:101:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:105:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:169:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:174:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:198:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:207:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:211:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:218:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:242:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:255:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/compiler.js:270:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/get-cwd.js:14:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/get-cwd.js:18:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/hook.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/hook.js:32:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/hook.js:60:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:17:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:61:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:63:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:79:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:106:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:113:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:121:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:123:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:141:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/index.js:252:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/ipc.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/ipc.js:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/ipc.js:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/ipc.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/ipc.js:30:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/log.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/log.js:22:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/log.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/log.js:27:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/log.js:36:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/notify.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/notify.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/notify.js:26:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/resolveMain.js:9:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/resolveMain.js:14:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:3:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:3:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:6:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:7:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:12:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:17:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:43:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:55:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:68:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:70:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:76:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node-dev/lib/wrap.js:78:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-constants.js:2:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-cjs-helpers.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-cjs-helpers.js:61:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-cjs-helpers.js:88:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-cjs-helpers.js:89:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-esm-get_format.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-esm-get_format.js:37:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-esm-get_format.js:40:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-esm-get_format.js:66:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-modules-package_json_reader.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:4:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:95:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:143:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:157:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:162:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:164:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:171:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:175:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:178:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internal-repl-await.js:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:34:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:35:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-internalBinding-fs.js:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-nativemodule.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-options.js:3:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-options.js:28:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist-raw/node-options.js:66:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/ts-node/dist/bin-script-deprecated.js:5:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/argv-payload.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/argv-payload.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-entrypoint.js:6:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-entrypoint.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-loader.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-loader.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-loader.js:12:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-loader.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-require.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-require.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-require.js:10:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-require.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/child-require.js:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/spawn-child.js:32:	AvoidConsoleStatements:	AvoidConsoleStatements: Avoid console statements since they negatively impact performance
node_modules/ts-node/dist/child/spawn-child.js:48:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/cjs-resolve-hooks.js:17:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/cjs-resolve-hooks.js:22:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/cjs-resolve-hooks.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:12:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:44:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:45:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:61:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:63:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:90:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:111:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:120:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:127:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:135:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:142:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:180:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:180:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:180:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:203:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:211:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:239:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:245:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:248:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:291:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:294:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/configuration.js:307:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:21:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:35:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:66:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:73:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:131:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:146:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:150:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/esm.js:221:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:5:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:12:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:19:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:32:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:47:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:58:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:64:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:88:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/file-extensions.js:132:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:58:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:72:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:73:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:91:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:91:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:100:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:102:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:107:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:120:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/index.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:21:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:22:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:25:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:28:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:36:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:44:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/module-type-classifier.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/node-module-type-classifier.js:32:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/node-module-type-classifier.js:38:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/repl.js:17:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/repl.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:6:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:12:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:46:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:68:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:81:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:93:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:103:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:104:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:111:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:153:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/transpilers/swc.js:217:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-internals.js:85:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-internals.js:86:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-internals.js:104:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-internals.js:116:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-internals.js:125:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-transpile-module.js:6:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-transpile-module.js:27:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-transpile-module.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/ts-transpile-module.js:36:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/tsconfigs.js:14:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/tsconfigs.js:19:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/tsconfigs.js:24:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/tsconfigs.js:27:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/tsconfigs.js:35:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:9:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:9:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:17:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:19:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:29:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:30:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:46:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:64:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:72:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:87:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:107:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:117:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:132:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:134:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:134:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:139:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:145:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:153:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:169:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/ts-node/dist/util.js:174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/ts-node/register/files.js:1:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/register/transpile-only.js:1:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/ts-node/register/type-check.js:1:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:51:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:55:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:66:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:67:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:79:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:94:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:108:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:124:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:129:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:137:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/tsconfig/dist/tsconfig.js:145:	ConsistentReturn:	ConsistentReturn: A function should not mix return statements with and without a result.
node_modules/type-is/index.js:24:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/type-is/index.js:25:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/type-is/index.js:26:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/type-is/index.js:27:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/type-is/index.js:28:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/type-is/index.js:71:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/type-is/index.js:127:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:54:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:62:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:73:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:93:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:103:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:147:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:160:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:162:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:179:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:186:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:194:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:303:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:313:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:327:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:375:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:379:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:383:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:387:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:397:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:406:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:413:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:438:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:447:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:528:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:537:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:538:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:539:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:556:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:580:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:580:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:622:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:623:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:640:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:645:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:653:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:659:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:662:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:665:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:673:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:687:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:696:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:703:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:722:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:726:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:737:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:741:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:746:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:757:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:769:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:793:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:794:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:795:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:799:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:803:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:808:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:841:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:898:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:899:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:910:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:941:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:942:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:943:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:958:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:959:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:970:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:984:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:990:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1003:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1015:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1019:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1025:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1026:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1032:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1086:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1087:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1174:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1177:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1188:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1269:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1273:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1286:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1294:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1304:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1311:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1317:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1323:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1329:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1335:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1340:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/_tsc.js:1351:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2357:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2368:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2370:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2388:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2398:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2442:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2455:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2457:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2474:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2481:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2489:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2566:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2567:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2579:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2592:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2603:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2616:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2710:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2713:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2714:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js:2750:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/unpipe/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:18:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:41:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:50:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:74:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:110:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:117:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:121:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:152:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:155:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:158:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:217:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:226:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:231:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:247:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:261:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:302:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:351:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:353:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:355:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:364:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:365:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:381:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/v8-compile-cache-lib/v8-compile-cache.js:383:	AvoidTrailingComma:	AvoidTrailingComma: Avoid trailing commas in object or array literals
node_modules/vary/index.js:13:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/vary/index.js:14:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/vary/index.js:146:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:4:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:12:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:30:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:50:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:51:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:62:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/webidl-conversions/lib/index.js:133:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:11:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:22:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:32:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:37:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:77:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL-impl.js:192:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/URL.js:184:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:214:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:218:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:220:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:222:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:229:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:234:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:241:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:243:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:257:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:275:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:299:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:301:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:342:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:346:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:358:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:367:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:372:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:373:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:377:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:380:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:400:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:423:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:426:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:432:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:440:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:441:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:444:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:445:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:448:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:456:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:457:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:643:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:842:	NoElseReturn:	NoElseReturn: The else block is unnecessary
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:881:	UseBaseWithParseInt:	UseBaseWithParseInt: Always provide a base when using parseInt() functions
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1200:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1204:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1211:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1212:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1215:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1282:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/whatwg-url/lib/url-state-machine.js:1284:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js:6:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js:8:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js:10:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js:17:	UnreachableCode:	UnreachableCode: A 'return', 'break', 'continue', or 'throw' statement should be the last in a block.
node_modules/xtend/immutable.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/xtend/mutable.js:1:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/yn/index.js:5:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/yn/index.js:7:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/yn/index.js:31:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
node_modules/yn/index.js:33:	GlobalVariable:	GlobalVariable: Avoid using global variables
